Get in loser, we're going to the moon!
Loading all the doge now...
The IRS has been notified.
I was told... there would be lambos.
HODL!
Good choice for a new hobby.
First rule of fork club... you don't talk about forks on /r/chia.
Farm the dip!
You can fit so many smart contracts in this bad boy.
"Expected time to win"? Really?
Psst! You got any more of that disk space?
Hi-ho! Hi-ho! A schucking we will go.
I'll make my own Chia... with blackjack and hookers!
Keep calm and plot on.
All your coins are belong to us.
...formatting all hard drives in 3 2 1...
Life is like a box of shitcoins
Relax! They say this inflation is only transitory.
Altcoins? Gotta Catch 'Em All
The best time to begin plotting was before March 17 2021, the second best time is today.
Ch Ch Ch Chia
What happens on the blockchain stays on the blockchain.
Not your grandma's currency.
My chia pet was so boring... I'd rather go watch my cryptocurrency grow.
Cha-ching!
Have you tried restarting it?
Never trust a chia farm you can't throw out a window.
The American dollar wants you to stop.
Machinaris makes a great Christmas present.
"Remember GME" (Game Stop)
Life satisfaction and winning Chia coins... are basically the same thing.
If in doubt, you could always try a fork.
Raising the demand for hardrives since 2021
Now with lootboxes
Machinaris was the imposter
You know what is really scary... No WiFi
Wow lucky!
I've never met a coin I didn't like
We've never left Beta
When the FBI calls... please don't tell them you're "plotting something"
How's the electric bill these days?
Today is someone's birthday!
I remember working once...
When are you going to get a "real" job?
Working is so overrated!
There are two types of people in this world, those that farm cryptocurrency and those who do not.
It's a great community, join our <a href="https://discord.gg/mX4AtMTt87" target="_blank">Discord</a>!
Stonks!
Have you tried Keybase?  My condolences...
When Moon?
When Flamethrower?
BITCONNEEEEEEEEEECT!
When the dust settles..... (too soon?)
No SSDs were harmed in the making of this movie.
(Pro Tip) If you delete System32 you can fit in more plots.
[A]bort, [R]etry, [F]ail
Please insert Disk 2 and press any key to continue...
Error in Error reporting, cannot Error @$Error. Starting Log4j in 3... 2... 1...
10 PRINT "WITTY TEXT GOES HERE"
Congratulations you've won $0.00! Please pay the Gas fee to receive your winnings.
Power surge! Is your UPS working?
Lights out! Do your hard drives have bad sectors now?
Lights out! Does the system still boot?
Lights out! Lets replot again!
1337.png
You said 'Buy Crypto'! No... I said 'Bye Crypto'
2023: Dust off your GPU, Chia is going PoW! :)
2024: Sure, everyone has a spare 24GB Nvidia GPU lying around.
2024: Wasn't the Chia halving supposed to raise the price of XCH?
Yay! March 23rd is Chia Day! No, the other kind...