Get in loser, we're going to the moon!
Loading all the doge now...
The IRS has been notified.
I was told... there would be lambos.
HODL!
Good choice for a new hobby.
First rule of forks... you don't talk about forks on /r/chia.
Farm the dip!
Departing for El Salvador now...
You can fit so many smart contracts in this bad boy.
"Expected time to win"? Really?
Psst! You got any more of that disk space?
Hi-ho! Hi-ho! A schucking we will go.
I'll make my own Chia... with blackjack and hookers!
Keep calm and plot on.
All your coins are belong to us.
..formatting all hard drives in 3 2 1..
Life is like a box of shitcoins
Relax! They say this inflation is only transitory.
Altcoins? Gotta Catch 'Em All
Chia pet!
The best time to begin plotting was March 17 2021, the second best time is today.
Ch Ch Ch Chia
What happens on the blockchain stays on the blockchain.
Not your grandma's currency.
My chia pet was so boring... I'd rather go watch my cryptocurrency grow.
Cha-ching!
"I just couldn't stop... no really I can't stop... how do you stop this thing?" - A satisfied user
This statement is false
Have you tried restarting it?
Delete machinaris.db and wait 10 minutes patiently...
Never trust a chia farm you can't throw out a window.
Fact: Chia coins rarely eat people
Don't push the big red button... it does nothing.
The American dollar wants you to stop.
Machinaris makes a great Christmas present.
"Remember GME" (Game Stop)
Life satisfaction and winning Chia coins... are basically the same thing.
If in doubt you could always try a fork.
Raising the demand for hardrives since 2020
Now with lootboxes
Machinaris was the imposter
You know what is really scary... No WiFi
Wow lucky!
I've never met a coin I didn't like
We've never left Beta
If and when the FBI calls... please don't tell them you're "plotting something"
How's the electric bill these days?
Today is someone's birthday!
I remember working once
When are you going to get a "real" job?
Working is so overrated
There are two types of people in this world, those that farm cryptocurrency and those who do not.
It's a great community, join our <a href="https://discord.gg/mX4AtMTt87" target="_blank">Discord</a>!
The difference between farming cryptocurrency and working at a job... is that one of them makes you money and the other is your job.
Stonks!
Have you tried Keybase?  My condolences...
When Moon?
When Flamethrower?
Does Elon know?
BITCONNEEEEEEEEEECT!
When the dust settles..... (too soon?)
No SSD's were harmed in the making of this movie.
(Pro Tip) If you delete System32 you can fit in more plots
[A]bort, [R]etry, [F]ail
Please insert Disk 2 and press any key to continue.....
Error in Error reporting, cannot Error @$Error. Starting Log4j in 3... 2... 1...
10 PRINT "WITTY TEXT GOES HERE"
Just Remember...... You could have bought GPU's instead
Congratulations you've won $0.00 please pay the Gas fee to receive you winnings.